What exactly are MICRA services, MICRA services are small, loosely coupled applications or services
that can fail independently from each other.
When a micro service fails, only a single function or process in this system should become unavailable
while the rest of the system remains unaffected.
Now let's look at some of the core principles of micro services.
Micro services should not shake code or data.
As we have seen in the definition of a micro service.
We only want to lose a very small part of our system functionality when a micro service fails.
If micro services shake Kaido data, the shared code or data could lead to failure in multiple services.
Therefore, it should be avoided at all costs.
Elesha Micra service architecture would be nothing more than a traditional service oriented architecture
that are tightly coupled together.
Secondly, you should avoid unnecessary coupling between services and software components.
A market service architecture should have low capling and high cohesion.
Recoupling refers to the degree of dependence between software components and cohesion to the measure
in which two or more parts of the system work together to obtain better results than each part.
Individually, independence and autonomy are also more important than code reusability.
While this sounds like a violation of the drive principle, that is, do not repeat yourself.
It is better to duplicate code in certain circumstances than to compromise on independence.
Each MICRA service should be responsible for a single system functional process.
Remember, the goal is that each MICRA service should fail independently.
Therefore, if a micro service is responsible for multiple system functions, you will lose all those
functions when it fails.
And then finally, MICRA services should not communicate directly with each other.
They should make use of an event or message press to communicate with one another.
In this way, the publishers and consumers need to know about each other.
These are some of the core principles of micro services and they can be summarized by the following
statement.
Each MICRA service should believe it is the only service in the world.